Daniel Thengvall

I am a software engineer living in San Francisco, currently a Software Engineer 
at Cruise, previously worked at Wyre, SnapCard and Rixty.

GM Cruise LLC
2019 – Present
Cruise is building the world’s most advanced, all-electric, self-driving cars to safely 
connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe 
self-driving cars will help save lives, reimagine cities, redefine time in transit, 
and restore freedom of movement for many.

Wyre Inc.
2016 – 2019
Wyre is the leading infrastructure provider in crypto. After trading over $3.5 billion 
in cryptocurrency assets and completing over $750 million in bank-to-bank FX payments, 
Wyre has established a network of relationships with leading banks and exchanges. As a 
Senior Software Engineer I worked to develop the user-facing applications along with 
administrative tools for the compliance, customer support and accounting teams.

- - -
In October of 2016, SnapCard, Inc. rebranded to Wyre, Inc.
- - -

SnapCard Inc.
2014 – 2016
SnapCard is a bitcoin payments company, focusing on providing tools for easy
management and transfers at the best rate. As a Senior Software Engineer I worked
to add new currencies through integrations with third party exchanges. Being part
of a growing company I wore many hats, from training new engineers to building
mobile and web applications.

Rixty Inc.
2011 – 2014
Rixty is an alternative payment system focusing on consumers without credit cards.
As Lead Developer I managed api integrations with companies like Microsoft, Coinstar 
and Skrill. I also worked to localize the platform for new countries like Brazil 
and built tools for the customer support team.


Skills
Java, Javascript, TypeScript, RxJava, RxJs, RxSwift, Objective-C, Swift,
Android, MySQL, DynamoDB, Jooq, Google Guice, Angular, Pug (formerly Jade),
LESS, Vertx, AWS, docker, Jackson Json, Node.js


1140 Sutter St #406,
San Francisco, CA 94109
(415) 742-1467
fender5289@gmail.com

dtheng.com
github.com/DTHENG
angel.co/daniel-thengvall
lnkd.in/bD6S_7J

References available upon request